feat: update kafka docs (#1550)
aiven/aiven-docs: docs/products/kafka/reference/advanced-params-inkless-saas-topic.md

View the topic-level configuration options for Inkless in Aiven for Apache Kafka®. These configurations apply to Inkless Kafka on Aiven Cloud.

> Inkless supports 2 topic types, Classic (remote.storage.enable=true) and Diskless (diskless.enable=true).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inkless supports two topic types: classic topics with remote.storage.enable=true and diskless topics with diskless.enable=true.
```

> You can find more information regarding the difference and use cases from this [page](https://aiven.io/docs/products/kafka/diskless/concepts/topics-vs-classic#compare-classic-and-diskless-topics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the differences and use cases, see [Classic topics vs. diskless topics](https://aiven.io/docs/products/kafka/diskless/concepts/topics-vs-classic#compare-classic-and-diskless-topics).
```
